and to her well tuned friends
when listening, it comes from Gianfranco
coppola and giovanni scaramuzzino
the environment is always suggestive
good san paolo di napoli
public frame tonight for the challenge
which is worth access to the grand final of
coppa italia in napoli and lazio if they are
divided or almost in the last three years two
times the success notice to the Azzurri
in 2013 the cup was raised instead
just from Lazio who does Naples and
lazio will reach juventus klose here
the attempt at verticalization
inside the ball penalty area
backward candreva shot out the
ball licking the post to the right
goalkeeper a nice mind action e
gabbiadini on the ball kicks
the latter directly on the paul gate
full pile full of gabbiadini roar of
disappointment of the home crowd 0 0
meanwhile still the naples hamsik
the insertion still on the sector
left-footed shot cross and ball that
Higuain arrives in the Andujar parade
terrible melee then leads to
our left has hit the ball
diagonally to pull on the goal
I would say May has slipped
higuain has come up with a kind of
passage to andujar that was waiting
we have synthesized it like this then and marble
returns the balloon right to
he was candreva of a beautiful action
offensive with the very heel strike
intelligent of mauri starts now from the
left felipe anderson point man yes
is in the area of ​​felipe rigor
anderson missed a second not again
he arrives at the net and mauri line
may even regret for not
be able to hook that
wandering balloon the felipe percussion
anderson klose half of our field
right try to make felipe anderson
the situation ends up on the ground not
I would not even say that there is not here
are the
for the penalty kick against ask
napoli higuain
we are in front of the goalkeeper gets longer
too the ball in low out of
berisha to anticipate higuain but here
the mistake is all about the felipe pipita
anderson bet the cross-country fund
interesting the goalkeeper shot does not come out
of head and paratissima lulic of head has
had the opportunity to beat andujar
which is passed here and andujar to hold
the qualification of Naples is alive
distance meanwhile for hamsik shooting a
out
Naples tried one with
counterbalance conclusion hamsik a
look for the lower corner to the right
of berisha here napoli has touched on
goal of the one to zero longer teams e
obviously the show draws from it
benefit
in short, there have been something done
in the notebook it must be assigned above all the
great parade of andujar on strike of
lulic head and but lazio is not enough e
the felipe anderson of tonight is not enough
that must grow that it is
questioning of goals and the goal of
Friuli advantage of Friuli what it was
ready to beat the net go hug
own felipe anderson and in any case it is the
satisfaction of lazio lulic clones
and Lulic and he only has the last touch
anticipated all comrades and opponents the
number 19 protagonist a few moments
it was he who touched felipe anderson
grows and when it makes assists of the
genus there is klose there is mauri there is
lulic for the three there is a real e
own manna ball lost however from the
naples holding ball with fulham that
he let go
guilty felipe anderson and that the
set low in the heart of the small area
where he didn't come out he went and found
the right touch under lulic measure is
meanwhile escaped both May in the
area of ​​competence
ok central britos and from the blog we said
in this chronicle than in Naples
think of managing the result is
tactically a gamble
naples a team that must play
always to make more goals and then
paid on this occasion with the
Lazio which has slowly ground by having
pegs wisely transformed the team
with albiol replacements and he knows
set the ball but it is britos
still hamsik does not give up now ball
balloon in depth for higuain that
controlled by two personnel then inler
May limits in the year of rigor the
rebound shot then we try the coins
and balloon on the bottom
a series of rebounds not very precise
May from there I think his intention
was to pull on the goal came
out a sort of assist for higuain
that struck somehow evening
Neapolitan that had obviously started
under the sign of hope in virtue
obviously and rightly of that goal
made by gabbiadini at the Olimpico
for the one to 1100 that lasted a lot but
that felipe anderson has put in
discussion still felipe anderson
temple of the penalty area jumped like
three pins opponents then the ball that
ends up in a corner kick player
amazing is a player who plays football
gives del tu as it is said tames it
pleasure
perhaps if they remove a mirror from him
in front it becomes phenomenal indeed yes
like but here narcissus has nothing to do is the
player who also and obviously likes
see him play with this naturalness
surely it is a spot for soccer is
own felipe anderson from the dancer
apart from the high detachment of a maurizio
but here the defense of the
Naples had closed badly now and
lorenzo insigne on the left sector a
to make the hopes of Naples come alive
try to jump an opponent it is
of ball in front of him there is enough can
do our left
lorenzo insignia in front of the porter
teaches shooting and the ball that does not
enter a rescue on the lulic line
incredible but true a goal already done e
for Lazio a defensive opportunity
incredible is worth more than a kick of
penalty parry joly can be said that col
goal achieved and that saved so far
put the autograph on the evening
biancoceleste here and not vote lulic e
until now it would obviously be a
lulic crime entered the field in the
shooting instead of candreva ends here
Lazio taking the San Paolo 1 to 0 goals
of lulic to 34 of the recovery and shortly after
lulic is amazing on personal action
packaged by famous rescue
on the goalkeeper's line
the whistles of the leper colony of benitez that
went to compliment with pegs
young
that benitez it how he had decreed it
sporting capacity to have
very well interpreted tactically and
temperamentally this match is a
very favorable moment very favorable
for the Lazio that must be recognized has
prepared to play the game then there
are the episodes or wrong from de
guzman from higuain the gabbiadini stake
overall by reading the game again
Lazio away from home was able to
sign the company that maybe not
everyone believed and credit must be given to
this training seven successes
consecutive in the league
the eighth arrived in the game more
important that handshake is worth
also a handover because
in fact naples was the team
holder of the trophy
the final will face June 7th
at the Olympic stadium in Rome and Lazio
juventus and we stop here from
Gianfranco Coppola and Giovanni
scaramuzzino the most cordial thanks for
having been with us napoli 0 lazio 1
decisive to the 34th of the recovery a
goal in melee of lulic on cross
felipe anderson from the right
then a series of missed opportunities by
one side and the other the Lazio, however
capitalizes on the Bosnian goal already
decisive in the success in the Italian cup
2013 in a final against Rome
twice decisive goal scored the goal
avoided shortly after having exulted for having
brought his own to the advantage with one
amazing rescue on the line up
action of insigne napoli 0 lazio 1 yes
stops in the semifinals the adventure of
formation of benitez la lazio
naturally look with confidence
to the appointment of 7 June thanks to
giulio farc yesterday in judgment for
technical assistance and therefore from Naples
line that returns to saxa rubra